(Episode 6)
What are you doing?
Oh, right.
What is it? Is something there?
I don't know.
Jin Jin.
Yes?
What are these?
I found them on my way home.
Excuse me.
Hello.
Why would you ask the lady at the restaurant for her hometown?
Did you have to ask to figure that out?
Her dialect was so obvious that she's from Yanji.
Do you want to play house with her at Yanji or something?
My goodness.
I knew it when you got all dressed up to go out.
What kind of an idiot would give 10 dollars for a tip...
after eating a bowl of noodles for five dollars?
My gosh.
Try digging up the ground. You won't find a penny there.
There are people in here.
I'm glad you mentioned them.
Excuse me, the actress lady from the 14th floor. Look at him.
Men are all like this.
Don't give a guy your heart for a few roses.
They can do anything and everything when they hit on women.
Even dogs can do that.
Dogs and men, they're all the same.
So don't ever get married.
I hope you would live alone, okay?
For whose benefit would any women get married?
Why did you want to know where she's from?
- Will you stop it already? - My goodness.
Anyway,
why aren't you married...
I'm sorry.
- Yes. - Ji Won!
- Ji Won, don't you miss me? - Of course I do.
I'll be there soon.
No, I was going to call you.
Fine, I'm sorry.
So when will you come home?
In a few days.
Our eldest brother always says that, but he never comes.
Anyway, my life is ruined all because of you.
Why?
Mom's only been cooking pork cutlet saying you could be home any minute.
I got really fat from eating all those.
So can you pay for my double-eyelid surgery?
Double-eyelid surgery?
Making a double eyelid on my eyes.
Okay.
Really?
Once you get to college. You're still in middle school.
- Ji Won! - What?
I'm a junior in high school.
How dare he try to hit on me?
I'm sorry.
I'm the one who's sorry. There's nothing I can do.
All I need is you.
Let's run away...
to a place where no one can find us.
Let's leave everything behind to find our happiness.
Hey! What do you think you two are doing?
Do you know how happy we were? We were so much in love.
How dare you touch my husband?
Fine, I'll kill you today and kill myself too.
Sa Jin Jin has been on the headlines...
for getting involved with a married man.
She has also been charged for housebreaking by the man's wife.
- Will she show up today, and... - She's right there! She's here!
will she say anything...
Is the man of the affair your first boyfriend?
Jin Jin, is this all true?
Why did you decide to get involved in an affair?
("Yesterday, Never Dated, Today, a Woman in an Affair")
("Will She Go Down Like This?", "Sa Jin Jin Has an Affair")
(My brother)
When can you be free?
There's someone I'd like you to meet.
Who is it?
A friend.
A woman, right?
She's a friend who's a woman.
You're rather suspicious.
I'm not suspicious. What are you up to?
I'm with a friend who's a woman.
Goodness, you are rather suspicious.
Give that to me. You should eat.
It's your turn to eat today.
Those who take care of the sick need to keep up the energy.
I heard you were at the hospital.
Your mother is more talkative than I thought.
I heard you gave her an envelope with some money.
You aren't a rich man either.
Gosh, you have a knack for making me feel sad.
Can't I do that much for you?
It's not the time for you to worry about me.
Do you know how much you lost for getting involved in a fraud...
- by being concerned about others? - All right, all right. Eat it.
Don't worry about me. It's me, Anthony.
How can I not be worried? I'm your manager.
I'm sorry, my friend.
Oh, right. "Infinite Challenge" called me again.
A third episode of "Saturday Saturday is a Singer".
They want to do a comeback show...
for the 20th anniversary of Boys Be Ambitious.
Sechs Kies made their comeback through "Infinite Challenge" too.
Let's give it a go.
We just have to convince Terius.
Goodness, he's way too far from us right now.
I recently saw him at the broadcasting station.
I was very sure his eyes met with mine,
but he ignored me and walked right by me.
I was his manager for at least 10 years, right?
Goodness, he has no loyalty at all.
Oh, she's really loyal though.
- Who? - Sa Jin Jin.
I saw her on a talk show,
and it looked like she's a huge fan of yours.
She's been your fan for 20 years. Did you watch it?
- No. - Make sure you do.
(MBC Broadcasting Station)
- Hello. - Excuse me.
Could you get cleared for entrance first?
(Visitor Request)
(Name: Anthony)
(Name: Lee Chul Min)
Thank you. Please return this when you leave the place.
- Hey. - Yes?
Gosh, Anthony!
Darn it, I messed up.
My gosh.
You haven't changed, Terius.
That's such an old nickname.
It's Jung Chang Hoon now.
- Why are you here? - Oh, right.
I was here to see a director...
and noticed your name on the door.
Well done, well done.
No!
Why did that have to happen?
I read an article about your slump.
Cheer up. Let's have a drink one day.
What a rotten hand.
Okay, okay. What did you say?
Never mind. Take care.
Bye.
Oh, wait.
Have you heard from "Infinite Challenge"?
They're talking about a reunion.
They're calling me nonstop.
Are they?
Something about a 20th anniversary.
Why would we return as Boys Be Ambitious now?
A legend should remain as a legend. Don't you think?
I just want you to find a job you can regularly work...
and that pays you on time.
I don't want to expect much.
You expect way too much.
Mom, you really don't have to worry today.
I promise I'll get in.
- Don't be so cheeky. - I mean it.
Now you can sleep well at night...
and get ready to go traveling with my money.
Okay, Mom?
You fool. Get going.
See you.
How do you...
plan to promote yourself in this interview?
I came here determined to...
show you how well-mannered and diligent I am.
Next, Sa Min Ho.
I came here believing that the first clients...
I will meet are you, my interviewers.
I have worked many part-time jobs...
and learned first-hand that everyone has...
a different personality and taste.
When dealing with a client,
I think it's important to figure out what they really want.
If I were to join the company,
I would pinpoint the client's needs quickly and accurately,
and I'd create the appropriate strategy as a marketer.
Candidates number 218 and 220, come in.
Did you do okay?
I don't remember a thing.
But I think I did okay.
Well done.
Just get an average score.
The interview's just a formality.
Okay. Thank you.
I'll call you within three days.
Have the greatest time of your life today, okay?
The good times are over once you start working.
- You'll enter a fire pit. - Okay.
- Drink some of this. - I'm really late today.
It's not that late.
- I have to go. - Hey, hey.
- No, no, no. - Is the work hard?
- How's your boss? - Oh, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
I heard you're a very famous lawyer.
I came to ask for your help. Please help me out, sir.
I'll tell you again.
You must tell me everything honestly and not leave anything out.
Even if it's incriminating.
If something I don't know comes up in court,
- I can't defend you. - My memory's...
Try hard to remember.
I am really, really sorry.
Excuse me. I think you should find another lawyer.
They deserve to be carried off by tigers.
They borrow my money and never pay me back.
Shall I be honest? Shall I?
I demanded a tiny amount of interest. Just 5,000 percent.
Others charge 6,000 to 7,000 percent,
but not me. I have a conscience.
I was going to crush their skulls,
but I called them instead. And they threw a fit.
They want to sue me for blackmailing.
Mr. Lawyer?
If you make this go away,
I'll pay you enough for you to have mojito in Maldives.
Dear respected Mr. Lawyer.
I left the money I'd saved up with a neighbor...
I've known for many, many years.
That neighbor channeled the energy of outer space...
and moved to Germany.
I did not save the money to give it to her.
I am overwhelmed with shame.
I'm really sorry, but I can't take your case.
You have a license to practice law.
Is it that hard to defend people?
Hello.
What did you have for lunch today?
I had kimchi stew.
- Why? - Because you are...
so much more handsome than yesterday.
Do you want to drink coffee?
You are the most generous man.
- Can you make her a cup of coffee? - Sure.
Hello? This is Lawyer Kang.
- Are you new here? - Yes.
I'd like it better if a pretty lady gave me a cup of coffee.
Make it delicious, please.
I have lived for almost 60 years
If you try to leave me now
I will tell you I am still young
(Norwegian Wood)
- What are you doing? - I'm having ramyeon.
Let's go to an internet cafe.
You'll start working soon.
I'll call you within three days.
Have the greatest time of your life today, okay?
The good times are over once you start working.
You'll enter a fire pit.
Just a moment.
- Is he busy? - The call cannot be...
Thank you.
Han grabs the ball and throws it back.
Choi is a great...
What should we do?
I think my heart's about to explode.
Move, move.
Get on the elevator.
It's not a life-threatening...
Dongdaemun in the middle of the night?
My sick leave is almost up.
I'm going clothes shopping with some colleagues.
I'm going to meet the co-pilot,
but I have nothing to wear.
You have lots of clothes. Your room's full of...
Stop, stop, that's enough.
I can barely stand my mom's nagging.
"Love Letter" is in theater again.
Jin Jin would love that.
She loves that movie.
She's such a show-off.
She wants to pretend like she's the innocent one.
My bus is here. I have to go.
(Love Letter)
[VIU Ver] E06 20th Century Boy & Girl "Love Letter"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Love Letter)
"How are you?"
The heartbreaking shout to her unforgettable first love.
The legendary melodramatic movie,
"Love Letter".
The remastered version is in cinemas now.
You will be able to feel the same emotion you felt in 1999.
(Hiroko, I have a question.)
(What did you like about him?)
The current temperature is 23℃, and the humidity is 59 percent.
Right now...
Dating alone isn't that hard.
It's tough to start.
And the beginning is the most exciting time.
Jin Jin, what signals...
the beginning of love?
(What's the beginning of love for Jin Jin?)
(Love Letter)
Love begins...
- with a movie. - A movie?
You feel everything when you watch a movie together for the first time.
How the person sitting next to you moves,
how he breathes.
You can even smell his scent.
You can't focus at all on the movie, and you feel those instead.
That you'll end up liking that person. Or loving him.
You said love for you starts with a movie.
Can you think of a movie right now?
- Yes. - What is it?
"Love Letter."
"Love Letter"?
(Look at the back)
(Children of 20th Century)
- Shall we eat at a street stall? - No.
Are you angry? But I'm glad to see you again after so long.
Age isn't important.
Sometimes you're just happy to be with someone.
This is just...
- Gong Ji Won! - Gong Ji Won!
Are you on your way?
I'm buying something. I'll be a little late.
For someone like Anthony...
We have just one condition. A partnership.
I'm so sorry. I think you must stay with us for a while.
Thank you for that day and today.
We met once more after that.